documentation update (#95)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/administrate/scalability.md

> {{< image "/images/doc/scaling_horizontal_scheme.jpg" "You can manage the range of Scalers you consider in the application configurator. The range is from 1 to 40." >}}

Reviewer: While checking this with the review app, I think that "the range is 1 to 40" is too small as a caption. I'm not sure where to put it, but currently, it's the only place that has this information. I think we should display this information differently.

For starters:

```suggestion
{{< image "/images/doc/scaling_horizontal_scheme.jpg" "Horizontal scaling: you can define the min and max numbers of Scalers you need." >}}
```

Reviewer: I'll put the 1 to 40 elsewhere, in another commit.

> {{< image "/images/doc/select-scalab-horizontal.png" "Horizontal scaling: the amount of scaler will increase and the sclaer size will vary between XS and S" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< image "/images/doc/select-scalab-horizontal.png" "Horizontal scaling: the amount and size of Scalers will be between 1 XS and 15 S." >}}
```
